1. [John].3. [Hilton Almaty], [Front Desk Manager].4. [Member], [Rotary Club].6. [France], [French].

Interviewer: Good afternoon [John]! How are you doing today?

Applicant: Good afternoon, I'm doing well, thank you. How about you?

Interviewer: I'm doing great, thank you for asking. Without further ado, let's start with the first question. Can you tell me why you applied to Swire Hotels?

Applicant: I applied to Swire Hotels because I have been exposed to its luxury reputation and its excellent representation in Hong Kong's hospitality industry. I have continuously been fascinated by the industry, and I believe Swire Hotels is the best place to harness my passion while growing my career.

Interviewer: Thank you for sharing that. Moving on to the second question, can you explain why you left your previous position at [Hilton Almaty]? How do you think your previous experience as a [Front Desk Manager] there can help you succeed as a [Front Desk Manager] at Swire?

Applicant: I left my previous position at The Langham to seek new opportunities and bigger challenges. Working as a Front Office Supervisor helped me enrich my communication and team management skills. These skills will leverage my role as a Front Desk Manager to supervise staff to ensure Swire's guest interactions are well managed while putting the guests first.

Interviewer: That's great to know. The third question is about your extracurricular organizations. In your CV, you mentioned that you were associated with the [Rotary Club]. Could you tell us about one of the values you learned from this experience as a member? How does this value align with Swire Hotels' values?

Applicant: Yes, at Rotary Club, one of the values that I learned was service above self. This value aligns with Swire Hotels' core value of going to any length to deliver impeccable guest services. As a Front Desk Manager, all my actions will be aligned with the guest interests.

Interviewer: Thank you for sharing that. Moving on to the fourth question - could you imagine a scenario where a guest is arguing with the front desk, and you happen to arrive while she is starting the complaint? “I'm sorry, but this is unacceptable. I have been waiting in the front desk for more than 30 minutes now, and I have other things to do. I don't understand why no one is helping me, and I demand a refund for my stay because of this terrible service.“ What would be your response?

Applicant: Firstly, I would apologize for the inconveniences caused and assure the guest that I would expedite a solution in no time. I would gather details on the situation, and when the investigations are complete, I will offer them tailored solutions. My priority is to make sure the guest leaves satisfied and happy with the service, and if that means offering a refund, we will provide that as well.

Interviewer: That sounds great! Lastly, in the same scenario, suppose the guest is now exceptionally happy with the experience they had at Swire Hotels and came back to the front desk to check out. During their interaction, the guest mentions that they are from [France], and you speak [French] too. Can you give a brief farewell message to them in [French]?

Applicant: Bien sûr! Bonjour! Je suis heureuse de savoir que vous avez apprécié votre séjour ici à Swire Hotels. Nous sommes ravis de pouvoir offrir des services exceptionnels à nos invités de nationalités diverses et variées. Merci d'avoir choisi Swire Hotels, et j'espère sincèrement que vous en garderez de merveilleux souvenirs. Au revoir! 

Interviewer: Merci beaucoup, Laura! Thank you for your time and thoughtful answers [John]. We will be in touch soon to share the next steps. Have a great day!

Applicant: Merci beaucoup! Have a great day too!
